com/example/giaohang/Login/RegisterFragment.java
 com.example.giaohang.Login.RegisterFragment
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityCustomerContentDemoBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityCustomerContentDemoBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityProfileBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityProfileBinding
com/example/giaohang/Objects/LocationObject.java
 com.example.giaohang.Objects.LocationObject
com/example/giaohang/Objects/CustomerObject.java
 com.example.giaohang.Objects.CustomerObject
com/example/giaohang/IncomeActivity.java
 com.example.giaohang.IncomeActivity
 com.example.giaohang.IncomeActivity$1
com/example/giaohang/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.giaohang.BuildConfig
com/example/giaohang/databinding/AppBarLayoutCustBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.AppBarLayoutCustBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/FragmentMenuBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.FragmentMenuBinding
com/example/giaohang/WatchDriverActivity.java
 com.example.giaohang.WatchDriverActivity
 com.example.giaohang.WatchDriverActivity$1
 com.example.giaohang.WatchDriverActivity$2
 com.example.giaohang.WatchDriverActivity$3
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityMapDriverBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityMapDriverBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ItemMarkerBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ItemMarkerBinding
com/example/giaohang/History/HistoryActivity2.java
 com.example.giaohang.History.HistoryActivity2
 com.example.giaohang.History.HistoryActivity2$1
 com.example.giaohang.History.HistoryActivity2$2
com/example/giaohang/databinding/DialogCardBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.DialogCardBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/MessageSingleLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.MessageSingleLayoutBinding
com/example/giaohang/Utils/Utils.java
 com.example.giaohang.Utils.Utils
com/example/giaohang/databinding/UserSingleLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.UserSingleLayoutBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityDriverSettingsBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityDriverSettingsBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityDriverChooseTypeBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityDriverChooseTypeBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ItemTypeBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ItemTypeBinding
com/example/giaohang/Login/MenuFragment.java
 com.example.giaohang.Login.MenuFragment
com/example/giaohang/Adapters/HistoryAdapter2.java
 com.example.giaohang.Adapters.HistoryAdapter2
com/example/giaohang/FirebaseMessagingService.java
 com.example.giaohang.FirebaseMessagingService
com/example/giaohang/onAppKilled.java
 com.example.giaohang.onAppKilled
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityDriverContentBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityDriverContentBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityStatusBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityStatusBinding
com/example/giaohang/Chat/GetTimeAgo.java
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.GetTimeAgo
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityMapCustomerBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityMapCustomerBinding
com/example/giaohang/Driver/DriverSettingsActivity.java
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverSettingsActivity
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverSettingsActivity$1
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivitySettingsBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivitySettingsBinding
com/example/giaohang/Objects/TypeObject.java
 com.example.giaohang.Objects.TypeObject
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ItemHistory2Binding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ItemHistory2Binding
com/example/giaohang/Login/AuthenticationActivity.java
 com.example.giaohang.Login.AuthenticationActivity
com/example/giaohang/History/HistorySingleActivity2.java
 com.example.giaohang.History.HistorySingleActivity2
 com.example.giaohang.History.HistorySingleActivity2$1
 com.example.giaohang.History.HistorySingleActivity2$2
 com.example.giaohang.History.HistorySingleActivity2$3
com/example/giaohang/Objects/HistoryObject.java
 com.example.giaohang.Objects.HistoryObject
com/example/giaohang/Customer/CustomerSettingsRequestActivity.java
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerSettingsRequestActivity
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerSettingsRequestActivity$1
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerSettingsRequestActivity$2
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerSettingsRequestActivity$3
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerSettingsRequestActivity$4
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerSettingsRequestActivity$5
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityCustomerContentBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityCustomerContentBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityCustomerRequestSettingsBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityCustomerRequestSettingsBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityWatchDriverBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityWatchDriverBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ItemHistoryBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ItemHistoryBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ChatCustomBarBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ChatCustomBarBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/FragmentRegistrationBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.FragmentRegistrationBinding
com/example/giaohang/Objects/RideObject.java
 com.example.giaohang.Objects.RideObject
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityIncomeDriverBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityIncomeDriverBinding
com/example/giaohang/Users.java
 com.example.giaohang.Users
com/example/giaohang/databinding/NavHeaderMainCustBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.NavHeaderMainCustBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityHistorySingle2Binding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityHistorySingle2Binding
com/example/giaohang/Login/DetailsChooseActivity.java
 com.example.giaohang.Login.DetailsChooseActivity
 com.example.giaohang.Login.DetailsChooseActivity$1
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityUsersBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityUsersBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityAuthenticationBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityAuthenticationBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ItemCardBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ItemCardBinding
com/example/giaohang/Adapters/TypeAdapter.java
 com.example.giaohang.Adapters.TypeAdapter
 com.example.giaohang.Adapters.TypeAdapter$viewHolders
com/example/giaohang/databinding/DialogRideReviewBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.DialogRideReviewBinding
com/example/giaohang/Chat/MessageAdapter.java
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.MessageAdapter
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.MessageAdapter$1
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.MessageAdapter$1$1
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.MessageAdapter$MessageViewHolder
com/example/giaohang/Chat/Messages.java
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.Messages
com/example/giaohang/StatusActivity.java
 com.example.giaohang.StatusActivity
 com.example.giaohang.StatusActivity$1
 com.example.giaohang.StatusActivity$2
 com.example.giaohang.StatusActivity$2$1
com/example/giaohang/FCMsend.java
 com.example.giaohang.FCMsend
 com.example.giaohang.FCMsend$1
 com.example.giaohang.FCMsend$2
 com.example.giaohang.FCMsend$3
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityDetailsBinding
com/example/giaohang/Objects/DriverObject.java
 com.example.giaohang.Objects.DriverObject
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityChatBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityChatBinding
com/example/giaohang/Chat/ChatActivity.java
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.ChatActivity
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.ChatActivity$1
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.ChatActivity$2
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.ChatActivity$2$1
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.ChatActivity$3
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.ChatActivity$4
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.ChatActivity$5
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.ChatActivity$6
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.ChatActivity$6$1
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.ChatActivity$6$1$1
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.ChatActivity$7
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.ChatActivity$8
 com.example.giaohang.Chat.ChatActivity$9
com/example/giaohang/databinding/NavHeaderMainDriverBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.NavHeaderMainDriverBinding
com/example/giaohang/History/HistoryViewHolders.java
 com.example.giaohang.History.HistoryViewHolders
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityDriverContent2Binding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityDriverContent2Binding
com/example/giaohang/databinding/AppBarLayoutDriverBinding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.AppBarLayoutDriverBinding
com/example/giaohang/Driver/DriverChooseTypeActivity.java
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverChooseTypeActivity
com/example/giaohang/Driver/DriverMapActivity.java
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$1
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$10
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$11
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$12
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$12$1
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$12$2
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$12$2$1
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$12$2$1$1
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$12$2$1$2
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$12$2$1$2$1
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$12$2$1$2$1$1
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$12$2$1$2$2
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$12$2$1$2$2$1
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$13
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$2
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$3
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$4
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$5
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$5$1
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$5$2
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$6
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$6$1
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$6$1$1
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$7
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$8
 com.example.giaohang.Driver.DriverMapActivity$9
com/example/giaohang/Login/LoginFragment.java
 com.example.giaohang.Login.LoginFragment
com/example/giaohang/databinding/ActivityHistory2Binding.java
 com.example.giaohang.databinding.ActivityHistory2Binding
com/example/giaohang/ProfileActivity.java
 com.example.giaohang.ProfileActivity
 com.example.giaohang.ProfileActivity$1
 com.example.giaohang.ProfileActivity$1$1
 com.example.giaohang.ProfileActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.giaohang.ProfileActivity$2
 com.example.giaohang.ProfileActivity$2$1
 com.example.giaohang.ProfileActivity$2$2
 com.example.giaohang.ProfileActivity$2$2$1
 com.example.giaohang.ProfileActivity$2$3
 com.example.giaohang.ProfileActivity$2$4
com/example/giaohang/SettingsActivity.java
 com.example.giaohang.SettingsActivity
 com.example.giaohang.SettingsActivity$1
 com.example.giaohang.SettingsActivity$2
 com.example.giaohang.SettingsActivity$3
 com.example.giaohang.SettingsActivity$4
 com.example.giaohang.SettingsActivity$5
 com.example.giaohang.SettingsActivity$5$1
com/example/giaohang/Login/LauncherActivity.java
 com.example.giaohang.Login.LauncherActivity
 com.example.giaohang.Login.LauncherActivity$1
 com.example.giaohang.Login.LauncherActivity$1$1
 com.example.giaohang.Login.LauncherActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.giaohang.Login.LauncherActivity$2
 com.example.giaohang.Login.LauncherActivity$2$1
 com.example.giaohang.Login.LauncherActivity$2$1$1
com/example/giaohang/Customer/CustomerMapActivity.java
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$1
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$10
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$11
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$11$1
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$12
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$13
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$2
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$3
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$3$1
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$4
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$5
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$6
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$6$1
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$7
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$7$1
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$8
 com.example.giaohang.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$9
com/example/giaohang/UsersActivity.java
 com.example.giaohang.UsersActivity
 com.example.giaohang.UsersActivity$personAdapter
 com.example.giaohang.UsersActivity$personAdapter$1
 com.example.giaohang.UsersActivity$personAdapter$personsViewHolder
